Teshima Yokoo House The "Teshima Yokoo House", a collaboration between artist Tadanori Yokoo and architect Yuko Nagayama, was created by altering and renovating an old private house located in a hamlet in the Ieura District, facing the harbor that forms the entrance to Teshima Island. Making full use of the building's existing layout, the exhibition areas are divided into a "Main House," a "Warehouse," and an "Outhouse," displaying 11 two-dimensional works. Other features-a stone garden with a pond, and a cylindrical tower-are devoted to installations, so that the art spaces seem to expand symbolically to cover the entire site, making it a philosophical zone that simultaneously calls to mind thoughts of both life and death. Thanks to the building's use of tinted glass to control light and color, the sunshine, breezes, and natural hues of the island, as well as the artworks themselves, assume a range of different appearances, turning visitors' spatial experience into a series of interconnected collages. Hours ＆ Admission Hours： March 1 - September 30 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. (Last admittance: 4:30 p.m.) October 1 - last day of February 10:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m. (Last admittance: 3:30 p.m.) Closed： Tuesdays (March 1 - November 30) Tuesdays to Thursdays (December 1 - last day of February) *Open on national holidays but closed the next day. *Open on Tuesdays when Monday falls on a national holiday but closed on the next day. Open Days Calendar Admission： Online Purchase JPY 600, On-site Purchase JPY 700 *free for children 15 and under. Purchase Your Tickets Here Artist Architect Program Other Facilities Information Artist Artist Tadanori Yokoo Ever since his thirties and up until today, Tadanori Yokoo has been creating works based on the theme of “life and death” by confronting with death. At Teshima Yokoo House, visitors can fully experience this concept not only through the works on canvas that explore the theme in depth and were selected specially for the museum, but also through the entire structure and outside space that also represents the idea of the museum. Tadanori Yokoo Born in Hyogo Prefecture in 1936, Yokoo had a solo exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art in New York in 1972. Since then, he has participated in biennales in Paris, Venice, Sao Paulo, Bangladesh, and other countries. He has held solo exhibitions at museums around the world, including the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam, the Fondation Cartier pour l’art contemporain in Paris, the Russian State Museum of Oriental Art in Moscow and more. In Japan he received a number of awards including the Order of the Rising Sun in 2011, the Asahi Prize and the 27th Praemium Imperiale in Honour of Prince Takamatsu both in 2015, and Tokyo’s Honorary Citizen in 2020. In 2021, a large scale solo exhibition “GENKYO Yokoo Tadanori” is being held at the Aichi Prefectural Museum of Art (Jan 15- April 11, 2021), and is touring to the Museum of Contemporary Art Tokyo (July 17-Oct 17, 2021) and Oita Prefectural Art Museum (Dec 4, 2021- Jan 23, 2022). http://www.tadanoriyokoo.com Warehouse Look at the Thing in Heaven , 1996 Isle of the Dead , 2012 Aurora , 1983 Main House Nostalgic Springs , 2004-2008 Isle of the Dead – Inspired by Arnold Böcklin II , 2012 The Primitive Universe , 2000 Universal Frantic Love , 1991 Dream on the Retina II , 1994 Purple Quickening , 1994 Outhouse The Funeral Home , 2012 Melancholia , 2012 Installation of garden Installation of toilet Installation of waterfall Architect Architect Yuko Nagayama In her design, Yuko Nagayama integrated a pictorial element to the three-dimensional architecture with the use of red glass, in reference to the museum’s overriding theme: Life and Death. Red is a color that is used predominantly in Yokoo’s work, and it is also the color of blood, which symbolizes life. The distant scenery seen through the red glass appears in monochrome tones as if marking a border between the normal and the extraordinary, or between life and death. Yuko NAGAYAMA Born in Tokyo in 1975, Nagayama worked at Jun Aoki & Associates from 1998 to 2002, and established Yuko Nagayama & Associates in 2002. Her major architectural projects include the LOUIS VUITTON Kyoto Daimaru Store (Kyoto, 2004), Kiya Ryokan (Ehime, 2012), Goddess of the Forest Central Garden (Yamanashi, 2016), and the Japan Pavilion at Expo 2020 Dubai (Dubai, 2021). In 2014, she received the JIA New Architect Award from the Japan Institute of Architects for her architectural work on the Teshima Yokoo House. http://www.yukonagayama.co.jp Programs A Night Tour in Teshima Yokoo House This special tour offers a unique experience, different from the daytime, such as the vividly colorful garden illuminated in the darkness, the reflection of paintings on the glass, and the deepening shade of red glass as the sun sets. During the tour, our staff will guide you through the museum, offering tips for a deeper appreciation. *If you have a ticket on the day of your visit, you only need to pay the program participation fee to join. *If you did not visit during regular opening hours on the same day, you can re-enter the following day. *The guide will be available in Japanese only. Dates 2025 November 14-16 21-23 28-30 December 5-7 12-14 19-21 26-28 Opening Time 5:00 p.m.～6:00 p.m. *The program lasts for one hour. Fee Online Ticket Purchase: JPY1,100 (Admission Fee JPY600 + Program Participation Fee JPY500) On-site Ticket Purchase: JPY1,200 (Admission Fee JPY700 + Program Participation Fee JPY500) 15 years old or under:Free Capacity 30people Application Please apply when purchasing tickets online. Other Facilities Shop Teshima Yokoo House Shop Teshima Yokoo House sells books related to the Art facility. The official guidebook offers commentary on the artwork and architecture of Teshima Yokoo House. Hours： The shop is closed when the museum is closed. Closed： The shop is closed when the museum is closed. Information Facilities and Services Payment Methods: On-site payment methods: ・Cash ・Credit card （VISA / MASTER CARD / JCB / AMERICAN EXPRESS / DINERS / DISCOVER） ・Electronic payment (Alipay / WeChat Pay / PayPay / au PAY / Merpay / d pay) ・Electronic money（Transportation IC cards / QUICPay / nanaco / WAON / iD） For visitors with babies or small children ・Because there are steps in the museum and the passageways are very narrow, the use of baby strollers is not permitted. Please deposit them at the reception desk. ・There is no nursing room nor a changing table in the museum. For handicapped visitors (1)Accessibility Due to characteristics of facility, some places are not accessible for visitors with disabilities and special needs. We ask for your understanding. We will support you as much as possible when you visit us, so please contact and discuss directly with our facilities. (2)About lending wheelchairs, etc. ・Wheelchairs: Not available. ・Writing tools: Available. ・Multi-purpose toilets: Not available. ・You may enter our facilities with a service dog, a seeing eye dog, and/or a hearing assistance dog. About admission ・No discounts are offered for groups and holders of Disability Certificates (Physical Disability Certificates, Rehabilitation Certificates, or Mental Disability Certificates) are not granted free entry. Requests to visitors When visiting the museum ・Some of the spaces in the museum require you to remove your shoes. To make your visit more relaxing, we recommend for your visit that you wear shoes that are easy to take off and put on again. ・Parking spaces are limited. Please walk or use public transport if at all possible. ・Please do not bring large objects (suitcases, umbrellas, tripods, etc.) into the museum. These should be left at the Ticket Center. ・Pets may not be taken into the museum. ・Visitors may not enter the museum wearing bathing suits. ・Smoking is prohibited on the museum premises. ・Other than in the cafe, visitors may not eat (including candy, gum, boxed lunches, etc.) or drink on the museum premises. ・ Visitors may be refused entry if they appear intoxicated or otherwise pose a disturbance to other visitors. ・Please take any garbage away with you. When viewing the artworks ・Please do not touch the artworks themselves. ・Please do not take photographs, videos, or make sketches in the museum. Visitors are also requested not to use fountain pens, ink, etc. About using drone ・It's strictly prohibited to operate Unmanned Aircrafts (UAs) /Drone in Benesse Art Site Naoshima premises without our prior permission due to safety assurance reasons for the people, architecture and artworks. Contact 2359 Ieura, Teshima, Tonosho-cho, Shozu-gun, Kagawa 7614661 Japan Tel. +81-(0)879-68-3555 (Teshima Art Museum) Fax. +81-(0)879-68-2182 Inquiry form
