Food and Drink Accommodation Hot Spring Popular Spots Activity Shopping Living Requests to all visitors Popular Spots Biei Tourism Association &gt; Facility &gt; Christmas Tree of Biei Christmas Tree of Biei Congestion Warning No Trespassing on Adjacent Private Property To all visitors to the Christmas Tree The hills of Biei are loved by many visitors for their beautiful scenery, which changes with the seasons. However, these landscapes are preserved by the daily lives and agricultural work of local residents. When visiting, please be sure to follow the rules below. 【Important Rules】 ■ All surrounding areas are privately owned farmland. Do not enter fields, pastures, or snow-covered farmland under any circumstances. ■ The road in front of the tree is a residential road used by local residents. When a vehicle approaches, please stop taking photos immediately and give way. ■ In Biei Town, the use of drones (unmanned aircraft) is generally prohibited. A crash could damage agricultural machinery and cause serious accidents. ■ School buses and local residents frequently use this road as an important daily route. ※To ensure traffic safety and minimize the impact on local residents, certain rules regarding parking and stopping of vehicles are in place. Visitors using rental cars or trains are encouraged to take the round-trip shuttle bus to the “Christmas Tree” departing from the Shiki-no-Johokan, located a 2-minute walk from JR Biei Station. Period of Application: From November 29, 2025 (Sat) until further notice, the road in front of the Christmas Tree will be a pedestrian-only viewing area. Vehicle parking or stopping is strictly prohibited. Security staff and signs will be placed on-site to guide traffic. Even after the traffic restriction period ends, we kindly ask local residents and visitors to refrain from stopping or parking on the road in front of the Christmas Tree for safety reasons. We kindly ask for your understanding and cooperation. You can check the latest crowd situation here: → Biei Congestion Information Address Bibaiushi, Biei Town, Kamikawa District, Hokkaido, Japan Access From JR Furano Line “Biei” Station – about 15 minutes by taxi Please note that depending on congestion, taxis may not be available at the Biei Station taxi stand at certain times. ▶ Biei Hire Sightseeing Bus (Operated by Hikari Kotsu) A day-trip bus tour covering Biei sightseeing spots, including the Christmas Tree. Please check the website for details. ▶ Biei Day-trip Bus Tour From JR Bibaushi Station (unmanned) – about 2 km / 30 minutes by bicycle There is a rental bicycle shop near Bibaushi Station. During the green season, you can explore nearby sightseeing spots by bicycle. In winter, please use a taxi or sightseeing bus from Biei Station. (Please note that there are no public restrooms available near Bibaushi Station or Shin-ei Hill Observation Park during winter.) Parking 無 ※路上駐車はご遠慮ください。 Others 例年、冬季の「クリスマスツリーの木」周辺道路では、多くの観光車両が集中し、大変混雑する状況が発生しております。 皆様のご理解とご協力の程、よろしくお願い申し上げます。 現地の混雑状況についてはこちらのサイトでご確認頂けます。 → 美瑛の混雑情報はこちら back to the list
